Add install instructions for editable Python installation (#721)
FEniCS/basix: python/README.rst

Basix Python interface
========================

> This document explains how to install the Basix Python interface, given that the C++ interface has been built.

Reviewer: Shorten text.

This is meant for development purposes, and regular users should use the top-level install instructions.

1. Build and install the Basix C++ library in the usual way.

2. Ensure the build time requirements are installed::

>      python3 -m pip -v install -r build-requirements.txt

Reviewer: Use `pip` (shorter) and no need for `-v`.

3. Build Basix Python interface::

>     python3 -m pip -v install --no-build-isolation .

Reviewer: See above comments.

Basix Python interface
========================

> This document explains how to install the Basix Python interface. Note that

Reviewer 2: I would add a note along the lines that regular users should use the top-level install.

> This document explains how to install the Basix Python interface. Note that
> this interface must be built without PEP517 build isolation by passing
> `--no-build-isolation` flag to `pip install`.

Author: ```suggestion
This document explains how to install the Basix Python interface, given that the C++ interface has been built.
This is meant for development purposes, and regular users should use the top-level install instructions.
```
What do you think @jhale ?
